{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13660\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Extended Properties and Forms - Concept Outline\
=======================================\
\
Extended Properties\
---------------------------\
   Core:\
	id			unique identifier\
	fname			friendly name for this property\
	iname			property name for programmatic reference (variable name)\
					[may be auto-derived from friendly_name)\
	description		user description (verbose)\
	data_type		'primitive' data_type - controls location of data storage in extended_data table\
					(e.g. char, int, float, memo, date, boolean)\
	parent_object	which object (table) does this property extend?\
					default = 'contact'\
					other cases may be contact_individual, contact_org, phone, etc\
  Core OR Presentation?:	\
	validation_id		key to validation_rule table of standard and custom validation types (see below)\
					std types: email, money, regex, ???\
					custom types can be added \
	required		is a value required? [NULL vs. NOT NULL. Rules re: allow zero handled by validation]\
	show_table		should this property be included in tabular view of object?\
	show_summary	should this property be included in summary view of object?\
\
  Presentation (separate form_fields table?):\
	field_label\
	field_type		HTML type - text, select, radio, checkbox, textarea, ...\
	html_attributes	store collection of type-appropriate attributes here\
				EX: for 'textarea' ->  'rows="4" cols="80"'\
	script			store scripting attributes for field here\
				EX: for 'select' -> "onChange=reloadPage();"\
	default_value\
	field_help_pre	Descriptive text to display before field control (and after label)\
	field_help_post	Descriptive text to display after field control\
\
Validation_Rule\
---------------------\
Table has entries for all field validation functions. Built by scanning validation directory for validation function files.\
Both individual fields AND field groups can be linked to a validation rule. New validation rules can be derived from\
standard set by cloning and extending a validation function file. EX: create Email_US_Gov rule by cloning valid_email.inc\
and adding regEx to check for .gov in address.\
\
	id\
	name			rule name, e.g. Email, Money, \
	function\
	error_message	displayed on validation failure\
\
Property Options\
-----------------------\
List of option value and label pairs associated with a form_field. Used for ext_properties AND for state, country and\
any other standard form elements requiring options.\
\
	field_id		form_field which owns this option record\
	option_value\
	option_label\
	weight\
	is_default		[ or should this be set at form_field/ext_property level? ]\
	is_deleted\
		}